everybody i'll be doing a application
review for my ipod touch which is called
pool okay take my games file
pretty cool game it's an installer and
totally free it's for version 1.2 iphone
and ipod touch pretty much easy games
pull back let's go hit the pool balls in
doesn't matter what you get in black
ball stripe the touch-sensitive
sensitivity of the game can be chosen in
the settings pretty easy by the look man
now to change the settings okay meaning
the ball size and the settings there in
the place change to the ball size to 18
or 16 you're going to change the power
direction up or down and the direction
of how you launch the ball you can do it
towards or from the touch and at the
bottom it tells your best result which
mine is 23 if y'all say to that it's
very easy game get an installer if you
want and easy to play with friends and
everything
I that was poor comment subscribe